---
title: 10.02.13.01
category: orders
year: 2013
---
      

\.~

THE STATE OF GEORGIA

EXECUTIVE ORDER

BY THE GOVERNOR:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

The State of Georgia holds title to certain real property by
virtue of a January 12, 1999 General Warranty deed from the
City of Swainsboro for approximately 7.634 acres, recorded
with the Emanuel County Clerk of Superior Court in Deed
Book 122, Pages 397-399 (the “Property”); and

Said Property is in the custody of the Technical College System
of Georgia; and

Said Property is improved with those facilities and structures
which are collectively known as the “Southeastern Technical
College, Swainsboro Campus”; and

Two structures on the Property known as the old Classroom
Building and the old Greenhouse (collectively, the
“Structures”), as highlighted in yellow and labeled “17020” and
“17599”, respectively, on Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and
incorporated herein by reference, were found by the Technical
College System of Georgia to be of no further use and hinder
the construction of the proposed 40,000 square foot Health
Services Center & Library Building; and

By resolution dated on August 1, 2013, the State Board of the
Technical College System of Georgia resolved that the
Structures be demolished; and

By a letter dated August 2, 2013, Mr. Ronald Jackson,
Commissioner of the Technical College System of Georgia,
requested that the State Properties Commission seek an
Executive Order from the Governor to allow for the razing,
demolition, and disposal of the Structures; and

The Technical College System of Georgia has funding available
to raze, demolish and dispose of said Structures.

