---
title: 02.14.14.01
category: orders
year: 2014
layout: order
---

<pre> 

EXECUTIVE ORDER

BY THE GOVERNOR:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

WHEREAS:

On February 10, a Winter Storm Warning was issued and a State of
Emergency was declared at 9:00 AM for 14 counties in North Georgia
(Executive Order o2.1o.14.o1) and 77 additional counties were included in
subsequent State of Emergency Executive Orders (Executive Order
02.10.14.14.o2; Executive Order o2.11.14.01; Executive Order
o2.11.14.14.o3; Executive Order o2.11.14.o4); and

On February 13, the State of Emergency was extended to last until
February 16, 2014 (Executive Order o2.13.14.o1); and

The severe winter storm is expected to continue to have a significant
impact on the following counties: Baldwin, Burke, Butts, Columbia,
Emanuel, Hancock, Jasper, Jefferson, Johnson, Jones, Pike, Richmond,
Screven, Taliaferro, and Washington; and

The assistance of the government of the State of Georgia may be necessary
to protect the public health, preserve the safety of the public, keep
property damage to a minimum and to restore the social and economic
welfare of the citizens of this State; and

In light of these circumstances and in conjunction with the authority
vested in the Governor by Virtue of Article 3, Section 38-3-51, of the
Georgia Emergency Management Act of 1981, as amended to promulgate
reasonable orders, rules and regulations as are deemed necessary to
protect public health, safety and welfare, and to bring the emergency
situation under control within the acknowledged limitations of the powers
of the Governor:

NOW, THEREFORE, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY VESTED
IN ME AS GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF GEORGIA, IT IS
HEREBY

</pre>
